Okay, okay, you've always been tested
Even if I have to go to Sanyi
You have to win the item
what are you waiting for
Hurry up and announce that you have won the bid.
Congratulations on the trial. Successfully bid 1.5 billion and wait to move out of the house.
As far as I know, the two softwares under Tianfeng Group are being criticized.
Who is the group forced to invest large amounts of money
Help you fight a price war. Neither of you can afford the development cost of 2.5 billion.
It used to be convenient for me, so I naturally have a way
Don't worry about it until then
On one side, the Fengji Group went bankrupt long ago.
I will also jointly review and evaluate you as the Emperor of Zhou
When did you care so much about the review?
Examination is my profession
I don’t want to see him fall out of your hands. Don’t worry.
Tian Feng Ji Tuan and trial
He must be worse off than me
Let's wait and see
Look at him, he can still be happy to the point of being over ten and fifty